Added supported CPU architecture to README.md (#3)
EXASOL/docker-db: README.md

Docker privileged mode is required for permissions management, UDF support and environment configuration and validation (sysctl, hugepages, block-devices, etc.).

## CPU Architecture

> Exasol currently only support *x86-64* CPUs (Intel64 or AMD64) and is for this architecture optimized.

Author: ```suggestion
Exasol currently only supports 64-bit *x86-64* platforms with SSSE3 featured CPUs (Intel64 or AMD64) and is for this architecture optimized. (comparable to Intel Xeon Woodcrest and upwards). See also the [System Requirements](https://docs.exasol.com/db/7.1/administration/on-premise/installation/system_requirements.htm).
```

> Exasol currently only supports 64-bit *x86-64* platforms with SSSE3 featured CPUs (Intel64 or AMD64) and is for this architecture optimized. (comparable to Intel Xeon Woodcrest and upwards). See also the [System Requirements](https://docs.exasol.com/db/7.1/administration/on-premise/installation/system_requirements.htm).

Author: ```suggestion
Exasol currently only supports 64-bit *x86-64* platforms with SSSE3 featured CPUs (Intel64 or AMD64) and is for this architecture optimized. See also the [System Requirements](https://docs.exasol.com/db/7.1/administration/on-premise/installation/system_requirements.htm).
```
